.TH LCS "1" "April 2011" "Longest Common Subsequence Program" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
lcs \- Longest Common Subsequence Program
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lcs
[\fIOPTIONS...\fR] \fISourceFile\fR \fITargetFile\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
This program is calculate Longest Common Subsequence, used dynamic programing.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-cui\fR
Character User Interface mode
.TP
\fB\-gui\fR
Graphical User Interface mode - default
.TP
\fB\-v\fR
Output v sequence.
.TP
\fB\-w\fR
Output w sequence.
.TP
\fB\-ans\fR
Output ans sequence - default.
.TP
\fB\-gap\fR
Output gap sequence. ( "+" Insertion "-" Deletion )
.TP
\fB\-eg\fR
Output eg  matrix.
.TP
\fB\-ss\fR
Output ss  matrix.
.TP
\fB\-bp\fR
Output bp  matrix.
.TP
\fB\-n\fR
Compare by Nucleotide. - default
.TP
\fB\-a\fR
Compare by Amino Acid.
.TP
\fB\-part\fR
Compare part of sequence. - default
.TP
\fB\-all\fR
Compare all sequence.
.TP
\fB\-id\fR
Pre scan by identity match.
.TP
\fB\-hmm\fR
Pre scan by hmm.
.TP
\fB\-ga\fR
Global alignment mode. - default
.TP
\fB\-la\fR
Local  alignment mode.
.TP
\fB\-lg\fR
Liner gap score. - default
.TP
\fB\-ag\fR
Affine gap score.
.TP
\fB\-mn number\fR
Integer number of match. - default 10
.TP
\fB\-un number\fR
Integer number of unmatch. - default -10
.TP
\fB\-dn number\fR
Integer number of gap penalry. - default 10
.TP
\fB\-en\fR
Integer number of affine gap penalry. - default 5
.SS "Exit status:"
.TP
0
Normal terminate.
.TP
!=0
Error.
.SH AUTHOR
Akihiro Kashiwagi <e-mail: a-kashiwagi@mippi-mail.com>
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report lcs bugs to <e-mail: a-kashiwagi@mippi-mail.com>
.br
home page: <http://sites.google.com/site/kashiwagiakihiro/>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co Since 2010 Akihiro Kashiwagi.
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
This is a free software and shareware: you are free to change and redistribute it.
and you must pay 10[%] part of profit to me that case of you used this software
for business.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
PredictGene, rf_fasta, reverse, CutsAtStopCodon, ExtractORF 
